What is ansible
Ansible Playbooks vs Roles
What are the advantages of using Ansible?
Comapre Ansible VS Puppet
What’s the Use of Ansible.
How would you describe yourself in terms of what you do and how you’d like to be remembered?
Tell us about your software company and what sort of software it produced(s)
So how does Ansible work? Please explain in detail?
Do we have any Web Interface/ Rest API etc for this?
What is Ansible Tower?
What is continuous delivery
How do change the documentation and submit it?
How do you access Shell Environment Variables?
How can you speed up management inside in EC2?
How can you disable Cowsay?
How can you access a list of Ansible_Variables?
How can you see all the inventory variables that are defined in the host?
Why don’t you ship in X format?
What is that Ansible can do?
Please define what is Ansible Galaxy?
Do you know what language Ansible is written in?
Please explain what is Red Hat Ansible?
Is Ansible an open source tool?
Why you have to learn Ansible?
What are Ansible server requirements?
How can you connect to other devices within Ansible?
Can you build your own modules with Ansible?
How can you find information in Ansible?
What does Fact mean in Ansible?
What is ask_pass in ansible?
Explain What is ask_sudo_pass
Explain what is ask_vault_pass?
Explain Callback_plugin in Ansible?
Explain Module utilities in Ansible? 
Where is the unit testing is available in Ansible?
Explain in detail about ad-hoc command?
When should I use {{ }}? Also, how to interpolate variables or dynamic variable names
How to install Ansible
How do I generate crypted passwords for the user module?
By enabling Kerberized SSH, How do I get ansible to reuse connections?
What is the best way to make content reusable/redistributable?
How do I see all the inventory vars defined for my host?
How do I copy files recursively onto a target host?
What is Ansible Role?
Difference between the Variable name and Environment Variables.
What is the way to access shell environment variables in Ansible
How to access a variable of the first host in a group
When should you test roles and playbooks
How to keep secret data in playbooks
What is the method to check inventory vars defined for the host 
What is the code you need to write for accessing a variable name?
Explain how you can disable cowsay
Explain Ansible facts 
How do you see all variables for a host?
Explain modules in ansible
Discuss method to Create an Empty File with Ansible
What is Forks in Ansible
Briefly Explain Pipelining in Ansible
How can we use controlpersist to speed up ansible deployment?
Why would you want to disable ansible facts.
What are ansible strategies?
How can I set the PATH or any other environment variable for a task or entire playbook?
How do I handle different machines needing different user accounts or ports to log in with?
Write a task to create the directory ‘/tmp/new_directory’
How do you test your Ansible based projects?
Which Ansible best practices are you familiar with? name at least three
Write an Ansible Ad-Hoc command to create the file ‘/tmp/info” on all hosts with the content: “The inventory file is in <inventory_file_path> and the inventory groups are <inventory_groups>”
What is ansible-pull?  How it’s different compared to ansible-playbook?
You have a list of directories and you want to write a task which will copy the first directory it finds to a remote server
What is ansible-pull?  How it’s different compared to ansible-playbook?
What is a dynamic inventory?
Which conventions are important to follow when writing a new dynamic inventory script?
Write a role to install Apache
How would you change the output format of Ansible execution to display only the name of the tasks?
Write a filter to captialize a string
How can I set the PATH or any other environment variable for a task or entire playbook?
How do I get ansible to reuse connections, enable Kerberized SSH, or have Ansible pay attention to my local SSH config file?
How do I configure a jump host to access servers that I have no direct access to?
How do I handle python pathing not having a Python 2.X in /usr/bin/python on a remote machine?
Where does the configuration file live and what can I configure in it?
How do I see a list of all of the ansible_ variables?
How do I loop over a list of hosts in a group, inside of a template?
How do I access a variable name programmatically?

