what is docker
What is docker image
What is docker container
What is docker hub
What is Docker Machine?
How is Docker different from other container technologies?
What are the components of Docker Architecture and explain?
What is the advantage of Docker over hypervisors?
What are the different functionalities and applications of using Docker?
What is docker swarm
What are the features of Docker Swarm?
What is dockerfile used for
What is the lifecycle of Docker Container?
Can I use json instead of yaml for my compose file in Docker?
What is the process for stopping and restarting a Docker container?
Tell us how you have used Docker in your past position?
What are the three main steps of Docker Compose?
What are the main security concerns with Docker based containers?
How to create Docker container?
How to stop and restart the Docker container?
How will you remove an image from Docker?
How far do Docker containers scale?
What platforms does Docker run on?
Do I lose my data when the Docker container exits?
How will you create a Container in Docker?
Mention some commonly used Docker command?
What are Docker Objects?
What are Docker Namespaces?
Is Container technology new?
What are the networks that are available by default?
What is the use case for Docker?
What are the main features of Docker-compose?
How did you become involved with the Docker project?
Docker is the new craze in virtualization and cloud computing. Why are people so excited about it?
What, in your opinion, is the most exciting potential use for Docker?
Do you think open source development has heavily influenced cloud technology development?
How do you think Docker will change virtualization and cloud environments? Do you think cloud technology has a set trajectory, or is there still room for significant change?
How do I run multiple copies of a Compose file on the same host?
What’s the difference between up, run, and start?
What is the base image required to build a Docker container?
Should I include my code with COPY/ADD or a volume?
Do you already have a logging, monitoring, or mature deployment solution?
Are you operationally prepared to manage multiple languages/libraries/repositories?
Will cloud automation overtake containerization?
You say that Ansible can take up to 20x longer to provision, but why?
How do we share Docker containers with different nodes?
What are the commands to create a Docker swarm?
How to run multiple containers using a single service?
What are the Cloud platforms that support Docker?
Can we run more than one process in a Docker container?
What are the objects created by Docker Cloud  in Amazon Web Services (AWS) EC2?
What are the security benefits of using Container based system?
How can we check the status of a Container in Docker?
How does Docker simplify Software Development process?
What are the popular tasks that you can do with Docker Command line tool?
How can Docker run on different Linux distributions?
What is the difference between Add and Copy command in a Dockerfile?
What is Build cache in Docker?
What are the most common instructions in Dockerfile?
What are the different kinds of namespaces available in a Container?
How will you monitor Docker in production?
Why Docker compose does not wait for a container to be ready before moving on to
How will you customize Docker compose file for different environments?
Can we run multiple apps on one server with Docker?
Do you think Docker is Application-centric or Machine-centric?
Can we lose our data when a Docker Container exits?
Can we run more than one process in a Docker container?
How will you take backup of Docker container volumes in AWS S3?
What are the three main steps of Docker Compose?
What is Pluggable Storage Driver architecture in Docker based containers?
What are the main features of Docker Hub?
How can we check the status of a Container in Docker?
How does Docker simplify Software Development process?
What is the basic architecture behind Docker?
What are the popular tasks that you can do with Docker Command line tool?
What type of applications- Stateless or Stateful are more suitable for Docker Container?
How can Docker run on different Linux distributions?
Why do we use Docker on top of a virtual machine?
How can Docker container share resources?
What is Docker Entrypoint?
What is ONBUILD command in Docker?
What is Build cache in Docker?
What are the most common instructions in Dockerfile?
What is the purpose of EXPOSE command in Dockerfile?
How will you monitor Docker in production?
How do you scale your Docker containers?
